hello everyone this is present Banerjee
from digit dot in so we're going to look
at something which is in a way coming
back as who's had started this netbook I
mean in a way so they but they had also
discontinued it in most areas because of
their transformer series in general
because they were trying to put in the
two-in-one ibrid lab hybrid tablets into
the market but then again now especially
since Aoife last year Zeus came up with
this ebook series again so this is a
Seuss's ebook x20 50a which is coming
back to India it's actually yet to be
launched it's going it's going to be
launched tomorrow in the country at a
price of around eighteen nineteen
thousand we don't know the price yet but
the price will definitely be below
twenty thousand so looking at this
netbook the woodall there are certain
things I do like about the netbook the
first thing being it's very light it
weighs only around 1 kg which is very
very light makes it perfect for
portability to take from here to there
it runs on your Windows 8.1 and ready to
great operating system your Intel Atom
disease and 375 processor it's got 2 GB
RAM which could be a problem with a lot
of you but then again if you just want
like a browser just to say you know
watch a few movies videos maybe add a
few documents and just a regular simple
usage then we GB RAM is not bad but then
again you know I if I was buying even a
daily drive even a simple laptop I would
want at least 4gb RAM another problem
with this is the lack of ports it's got
two the two USB ports over here and an
HDMI so that is a really small number of
ports you can I mean there were netbooks
earlier which are much much more number
of ports which would have been a better
thing had a solution overall looking at
this laptop is it's not really bad if
you want something you know simple and
if you
something just just for simple usage
then it's not really bad you've got your
other options like the SC's HP stream 11
what of these have 11 inch 11.6 inch
screens so that is also and then go
quite light but this one is updated
hardware better and faster hardware of
course the screen also on this is
comparatively better I think the viewing
angles on the screen are not that bad
it's of course if you're buying a
netbook you're not really looking to
watch enemies with a lot of people but
just for your regular usage the viewing
angles will do worse also so if you want
something under a budget and simple this
looks quite good but we'll of course
wait for the full review before we give
our word